So you guys are saying that the
circuit just caught on fire by itself?
Okay, seems like the memory chip is still intact.
Let's try this:
each of you describe the things
you've written to the chip.
I'll compare them to the Chip's memory.
If it seems reasonable, I'll
give you partial credit.
On Saturday I bought a bottle of orange
juice from CVS before coming to school.
I placed it on my desk, took out my computer,
and started reviewing the Logisim
simulation that Noam sent me.
We went to the eighth floor to
print our datasheets and stuff,
but they were out of paper in the colored printer,
so we couldn't print it there.
So here's the thing: I designed
a box so the breadboard could fit
into the box and our presentation looks very nice.
On Sunday I was figuring out
this neuroimaging headset thing
that is required for us to have
interfaced with our circuit,
getting familiar with its inputs and outputs,
so that we can gain access
to the memory we wanted.
So we went upstairs trying to
print whatever document we have,
but apparently all of the
printers are out of paper
so we had to go to this plotter room
where there's a single large printer.
I used the stripper to make a lot of baby wires
because all of the chips need to
be connected to power and ground,
so it makes it more efficient for wiring later on.
I got LEDs, put it on a perfboard and then I
soldered it together to make an LED Matrix.
Sunday was it was a pretty chill day for me
I just, you know, unrolled my box
and then I sent it to the AACE
Lab so they can laser cut.
We needed a really good wire
stripper to speed up the process.
But when I went and check for it
in the drawer, it wasn't there.
I was in so much stress, I literally
shot off from the building,
but remembered to close the drawer of course,
and flew to this hardware store down two avenues.
I needed a cardboard box
for the circuit components
so I went down to the basement
of the Foundation Building
because I remembered that they
had boxes there in the pipe room.
I had to get chips for our circuit,
and then I had to download the
datasheets from TI (Texas Instruments).
Fun fact, they make all the chips in the world.
It's crazy, I know.
And then after I downloaded the datasheets we were all ready to go.
Okay I've got everything written down,
I will provide you with the
feedbacks later this week.